The focus of our visualization is to perform a comprehensive analysis of the happiness rates of countries worldwide, based on multiple attributes collected. Our goal is to shed light on the understanding and significance of the various attributes influencing the world happiness rate, and address the main question of identifying the key factors that affect happiness rates in different countries. Moreover, we aim to answer additional sub-questions such as How does the distribution of happiness rates vary around the globe, Is it possible to identify significant Rank changes in the measurements between different years? What factors contributed to the changes in country rankings between the years? Can we find a pattern ? Are there discernible common factors among countries that rank highest and lowest ?
By providing this information, our visualization can offer valuable insights and guidance for policymakers, researchers, and other stakeholders invested in enhancing happiness rates across the globe.
The data that we will be using is The World Happiness Report dataset, between 2015-2019. It is based on a collection of survey data, primarily from the Gallup World Poll, which is conducted in many countries worldwide. The dataset was compiled by a team of independent researchers for the United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions Network (SDSN), and was first published in 2012. The dataset includes various socio-economic and demographic indicators, such as income, education, health, and social support, as well as subjective measures of well-being, such as happiness and life satisfaction. The survey data were collected from respondents through face-to-face interviews, telephone interviews, or online surveys, depending on the country and the population being sampled.
